# Twitch Streamer Trend

To run the website on the local server, change the sys.path.append(to/where/you/store/project/folder), then run app.py

Authors: Jun Wu(SuperJunlw), Roy Cheung(RoyCDev)

Project Description: Our project will be a website that shows the trend of the current top 10 streamers. It can predict how the trend changes by using average views, followers, and other data collected from the internet. Users can limit the scope by entering the number of months they want to forecast. The trend will be displayed as a line graph and the breakdown (such as future view counts and followers) will be put into a table. Any streamers that our website predicted would become top 10 in the future will be included in the trend, even if they are not currently in the ranking. 

Project Outline/Plans:

- Interface Plan: The website will have a button for the user to click to get the top 10 most trend Twitch streamers of the current month. The names of the streamers, their average stream views of the month, and their current followers will be printed on the screen in a table format. There will be another button for users to click and a pop-up window will be shown. In this pop-up window, the users can see a line graph that shows the top 10 streamers' trends of the current month. The website will have an area that allows the user to enter the number of months. After the users enter the number of months, the predictions of the trends(average views and followers) of the current streamers after the number of months will be printed on the screen in a table format. After users enter the number of months, they can also click another which leads to another pop-up window. The pop-up window will show the predictions of how the trends of the current top streamers change in each month from the current to the number of months that users entered.
  
- Data Collection and Storage Plan(Roy): We will collect data from Twitch API and/or websites that provide statistics on popular streamers over the past few years. This data may include the stream channel names, hours streamed, average view count, number of monthly followers gained, active subs, and other stats that might help us identify/ predict the trend. If we can obtain a more detailed breakdown of these stats, we might consider creating a separate file for each streamer. In that case, we will then compute the average of each data variable and put them all in a single file. Data will be stored in flat files, where each piece of information is delimited by | (vertical bar). 
  
- Data Analysis and Visualization Plan(Jun): After we get the data, we will use the combination of average views of each day in the month and the number of followers at the end of the month to calculate the popularity of a streamer. At the end, we will list the number of top 10 streamers and their average views and followers in the current month in a table. We will also provide a line graph visualization of how the trends of the streamers change each day of the month. Each streamer will be represented by a line in the graph(10 lines), and each line will have a different color. The x-axis will be the number of days in the month and the y-axis will be the trends. Based on how the views and follower changes in the current month and the previous months, we will use the changes to calculate the popularity of the current top 10 streamers after certain months(user input). Those streamers' average views and followers after certain months will be listed in a table format. We will provide a line graph visualization of how the trends of the streamers change each month. Each streamer will be represented by a line in the graph(10 lines), and each line will have a different color. The x-axis will be the number of months in the month and the y-axis will be the trends.
